---
title: Art & Guitar Club
permalink: /culture/cca/clubs-and-societies/art-and-guitar/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Clubs & Societies
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Art Club</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cH4cwI4vmLw"></iframe></div><p>Step into The Art Club, where imagination has no limits! Beyond a mere space for honing our creative talents, our club is a tight-knit community of kindred spirits united by a love for the arts. Within this supportive atmosphere, we encourage collaboration and camaraderie, recognizing that together, we can reach extraordinary heights. Every brushstroke, musical note, and blend of colors becomes a shared journey of artistic evolution.</p><p>Our Art Club convenes twice a week, specifically on Wednesdays and Fridays, from 4:30 to 6:30 pm. Embracing a philosophy of student leadership, our CCA sessions are predominantly student-led. Here, participants immerse themselves in the creation of diverse art forms, spanning from linocut and clay to landscape sketching. Workshops, including Batik Printing and Manga Drawing, provide an avenue for students to refine their aesthetic appreciation. Through these activities, students not only present their artworks to peers but also develop communication skills by articulating thoughts behind their creations.</p><p>To enhance our artistic journey, we also delve into meaningful VIA projects in collaboration with external organizations such as ACRES and Sparkletots. Our Learning Journey at Lasalle further broadens our perspectives on different art themes, fostering compassion and understanding. As we reflect, we hold dear the memories, experiences, and newfound knowledge that continually ignite our artistic pursuits.</p>