---
title: Class Leaders' Council
permalink: /culture/cca/clubs-and-societies/class-leaders-council/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Clubs & Societies
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Class Leaders' Council</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Cr1Y1ZhvE9A"></iframe></div><p>Is work-life balance the top priority for yourself? Are you excited to learn new skills, forge deep relationships, and contribute to the school community? Whether it’s adapting to school life, making new friends or taking examinations, JC life can be stressful, but you are not alone and Class Leaders' Council is here to equip you and to help in both your personal growth and that of the college community. </p><p>The YIJC Class Leaders’ Council serves as a structured leadership development platform, providing formal assignments, courses and guidance to grow our Class Leaders to lead in the promotion of a culture of care among peers to provide better support for each other. </p><p>We hold regular meetings twice a week on Wednesdays and Fridays, from 4.30pm to 6.30pm. Class Leaders will learn how to design activities for their classmates, work with other student leaders, and be trained in positive coping strategies so as to offer support and advocate for healthy relationships in the college. </p><p>Class Leaders’ Council will be involved in driving some college initiatives to provide support for students in various aspects of their journey at YI. Get to be part of YIJC’s Mental Well-Being Week, Thrive! Facilitate conversations, provide practical help and emotional support to your friends, and implement ideas that will nurture a positive class spirit and culture. </p><p>If you think you are empathetic, encouraging, and enthusiastic, come join us!</p>