---
title: Library Council and Strategy Club
permalink: /culture/cca/clubs-and-societies/library-council-and-strategy-club/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Clubs & Societies
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Strategy Club</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ZIxJkgTdToU"></iframe></div><p>Welcome to the exciting world of the YIJC Strategy Club!</p><p>Founded on the principle that success in any field requires a keen understanding of strategic planning, our club provides an engaging platform for students to explore, discuss, and apply various strategic frameworks.</p><p>Whether you are passionate about International Chess or simply enjoy the thrill of navigating complex challenges and puzzles, our Strategy Club is the perfect space for you. Here, we foster a collaborative environment where members can exchange ideas, tackle problems, and participate in strategic simulations. Our club is dedicated to cultivating the strategic minds of tomorrow.</p><p>Strategy Club trains twice a week on Wednesdays and Fridays. A regular CCA session includes a warm up game, basic drills and a competitive game. The guided session is conducted by a certified coach who will teach the club members various strategies of international chess. Besides international chess, students will also have the opportunity to learn how to play various board games and transfer and apply the strategies learnt from chess to other modes of strategy games.</p><p>Join us in the pursuit of knowledge, critical thinking, and the art of strategic decision-making. Unlock your potential and embark on a journey where strategic insight transforms challenges into opportunities.</p>