---
title: Makers' Academy
permalink: /culture/cca/clubs-and-societies/makers-academy/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Clubs & Societies
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Makers' Academy</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GcgqnDemeMo"></iframe></div><p>The apex of the digital literacy programme in the college, Makers’ Academy provides an avenue for students to experiment with cutting-edge technologies for communications and innovation. Students have a choice between three departments (PFM, iMAD and ADU), each with their unique way of exercising their digital creativity. Sessions are held twice weekly on Wednesdays and Fridays from 4:30pm to 6:30pm.<br><br>In the <strong>Photography and Film-making department (PFM)</strong>, we learn various photography techniques. During CCA hours, we share our photographs which is a good opportunity to learn from each other, and a platform for us to practise our public speaking skills. The film-making aspect requires us to work in teams, honing our interpersonal skills while providing the space for us to generate ideas. PFM members will get to cover college events such as College Day. There will also be opportunities to join competitions such as Canon Youth Photography Awards and ‘Our Schools, Our Stories’ photo contest.<br><br>Another department is the <strong>Interactive Making and Design (iMAD)</strong>, which focuses on designing projects of various complexity using the Arduino microcontroller. To succeed in these projects, the teams require skill in design, programming, electronics and even 3D printing. With our external partners, we offer opportunities for members to explore drone programming and robotics.<br><br>Finally, our <strong>App Development Unit (ADU)</strong> allows our members to come together and create something possibly life-changing. It mainly focuses on learning the fundamentals of programming, a quintessential skill of the 21st century. We then apply these in game and web development and other exciting projects. Through external workshops, members are offered opportunities to solve problems in cybersecurity, data science and machine learning.<br><br>This year-long programme culminates in a final project where students can apply their skills in addressing a problem they care deeply for. With these different departments and carefully curated programmes and CCA sessions, we aim to bring out the best in each member while providing a fun and enriching experience.</p>