---
title: Outdoor Adventure Club
permalink: /culture/cca/clubs-and-societies/outdoor-adventure-club/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Clubs & Societies
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Outdoor Adventure Club</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/UJmqjREZ0bo"></iframe></div><p><strong><em>“Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.”</em></strong><em> - Roy T. Bennett<br></em><br>Do you wish to grow physically and mentally stronger? Are you someone who enjoys challenging yourself to grow? In the Outdoor Adventure Club (ODAC), you can look forward to exciting activities and training sessions that will push you past your comfort zone into uncharted territories. This CCA serves to be a platform where you can discover existing and new strengths, challenge your limits and reach your greatest potential. You will get the chance to learn from new experiences and also enjoy the camaraderie as you and your fellow members in ODAC conquer various challenges together, following our motto: ‘One ODAC One Family’.<br><br>Our CCA sessions are held twice a week on Wednesdays and Fridays. This includes physical training sessions that serve to increase the general fitness levels of our members, to better prepare them for fun and adventurous activities in different outdoor settings. Members will also have the opportunity to learn basic outdoor survival skills such as knot tying and basic navigation, attend a first aid certification course and have the opportunity to apply their knowledge of these skills to different situations and build their capacity for better critical thinking.<br><br>Some of our key highlights include participating in an annual year-end camp in Pulau Ubin – where members can look forward to applying the skills that they have learnt and also enjoy the great outdoors. If the idea of adventure gets your adrenaline pumping, this is the ideal CCA for you. So what are you waiting for? Come join our ODAC family!</p>