---
title: Musicians' Club
permalink: /culture/cca/performing-arts/musicians-club/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Performing Arts
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Musicians' Club</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5eggv1MUbIc"></iframe></div><p>Do you love to sing, but can only do so in the shower? Do you have a secret flair for the electric guitar or the drums? Or do you have the knack for setting up equipment for a band? </p><p>If any of these points describe you, Musicians’ Club (MC) may be the best platform for you. </p><p>YI Musicians’ Club (MC) is a unique CCA not just within YIJC, but also among other JCs. MC members are recruited for their ability to sing, play the electric guitar, bass guitar, drums, or keys. United by their ability to perform, but more importantly, their passion for music, members form small bands within the CCA, each with their unique flavour and blend of music. </p><p>We have about 10 bands across both levels, and each band practises with our instructor for an hour, before practising on their own for another hour. Each band comes for 2 hours of CCA each week on either Wednesday or Friday. The respective bands are then rostered for the many performance opportunities each year, ranging from College Day to Teachers Day. </p><p>All bands also work towards increasing their song repertoire for our biggest event – LISTEN. Our annual concert LISTEN invites hundreds of students and family/friends to enjoy an exciting evening of songs from various genres, and MC members take full responsibility in planning and executing the concert. We bring in a professional technical crew to help us with our sound and lights, while our members focus on stage management and performing. Beyond LISTEN, through collaboration within bands and with other bands, members are self-driven to improve their technique and musicality. The strong passion for music has even led to some of our alumni pursuing further education and a career in music-related fields. </p><p>If you have PA or AVA experience AND wish to learn to play an instrument before eventually playing in a band, do feel free to speak to us too. We look forward to meeting you!</p>