---
title: Symphonic Band
permalink: /culture/cca/performing-arts/symphonic-band/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Performing Arts
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Symphonic Band</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/u1GF_TEe81Q"></iframe></div><p>At Yishun Innova Symphonic Band (YISB), we cultivate creativity, discipline, and teamwork through the transformative power of music. As a tight-knit community, our band is more than a musical group; it's a family where collaboration and teamwork are foundational. Within this harmonious ensemble, students not only create beautiful music but also forge lifelong friendships.<br><br>What Sets Us Apart?<br><br>Expert Instruction and Performance Opportunities: Our dedicated team of instructors brings experience and passion to guide you toward your musical potential. Afterwhich, you will have the opportunity to showcase your talent at diverse events, gaining confidence and stage presence before varied audiences.<br><br>Diversity: We welcome students of all skill levels, playing brass, woodwind, or percussion instruments. Our ensemble thrives on the rich sound created by this diversity.<br><br>Leadership Crescendo: Leadership opportunities abound. Whether leading a section, assisting rehearsals, or organizing events, these experiences contribute to lifelong leadership skills.<br><br>Values-Driven &amp; Future Ready: Beyond musical excellence, YISB nurtures resilience, discipline, and adaptability and aims to help you better tackle challenges and adversities. <br></p><p>CCA sessions are held on:<br>Wednesdays: 4:30 PM - 7:00 PM<br>Fridays: 5:00 PM - 7:30 PM<br><br>What to expect during CCA sessions?<br>• Sectional practices for refining skills within specific sections<br>• Combined practices under the conductor's guidance for harmonious ensemble performances.<br>• Leadership discussions, Values-in-Action (VIA) projects, and enrichment programs fostering holistic development.<br>• Showcasing Talents: Participate in SYF and our college’s Arts Fusion Concert, providing opportunities to showcase talents and engage in VIA projects for community benefit.<br><br>YISB is a place where memories, friendships, and leadership skills are forged. Join us in filling the world with healing music and making a positive impact on the hearts and minds of those around us.</p><p></p>