---
title: For Parents
permalink: /2024-orientation/forparents/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h4><strong>Beginning-of-Year JC1 Parent Engagement Session (PET)</strong></h4><p>This session will provide an overview of our college and expand on the academic and co-curricular journey your child will embark on. The session will also provide information that will help your child decide on his/her subject combination shortly after joining the college. We have invited our Education &amp; Career Guidance (ECG) counsellor to speak at this session and she will share various factors to consider when reviewing your child’s choices.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Details of the PET are as follows:&nbsp;</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Date:</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Fri 2 Feb 2024</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Time:</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>6.00 to 8.45 p.m. (<strong>Optional</strong> Subject Enquiry Session from 8.00 to 8.45 p.m.)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Venue:</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>A virtual session via Zoom</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>We highly encourage you and your child to attend this session:</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Timing</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Agenda</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>6.00 to 7.10 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>School Leaders &amp; Year Head Talk</strong></p><p>This segment will provide an overview of our college and the academic and co-curricular journey your child will soon embark on. Our Year Head will also share strategies to help your child cope with the transition from O-Levels to A-Levels, and ways to better manage the rigour of the JC curriculum.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.10 to 7.25 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Q&amp;A Session with the School Leaders</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.25 to 8.00 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Choosing Your Subject Combination</strong></p><p>Our Education &amp; Career Guidance (ECG) counsellor will be sharing how to choose subject combinations and the various factors to consider. The ECG counsellor will also allocate some time during this segment to take questions.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>[OPTIONAL]</strong></p><p>8.00 to 8.45 p.m.</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Online Subject Enquiry Booths</strong></p><p>Our teachers will be available in the various Subject Zoom Breakout Rooms to answer questions related to subject and subject combination matters. Each consultation session will be capped to 5 minutes. More details on how to access these Subject Zoom Breakout Rooms will be given on the day of the PET after our ECG counsellor’s presentation on subject combination choices.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>We will be sending out a registration link via SMS on Thu 1 Feb so do look out for more details on how to join this Zoom Beginning-of-Year Parents Engagement Talk.</strong>&nbsp;</p><p><br></p>