---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
permalink: /2024-orientation/faqs/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h4>Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)</h4><p></p><p><strong>Q: I will be absent from college. How do I inform the college of my absence?&nbsp;</strong></p><p>Please kindly email <a href="mailto:yijc@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>yijc@moe.edu.sg</u></a> or call 62579873 with the following information:&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p>Name</p></li><li><p>OG</p></li><li><p>Contact Number</p></li><li><p>Reason for Absence&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Dates of Absence</p></li></ul><p>This information is crucial because you may be missing important briefings on the Subject Combination registration process. Letting us know about your absence will allow our teachers to advise you about the process.</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Q: What time does my child need to report on the first day? Where should my child report to?</strong></p><p>On <strong>Fri 2 Feb</strong>, please report by <strong>7.30 am</strong> at the school hall. There will be student leaders present near the entrances of the college to direct the students to the reporting venues.&nbsp;</p><p>You may refer to the tab ‘For Students’ for more details on our orientation programme and important information for the first day of the orientation.</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Q: What is their attire?</strong></p><p>Students may report in their secondary school uniform/half uniform.<br><br>If students do not have their secondary school uniform, they are advised to dress in a white plain top with dark-coloured pants/skirt of appropriate length.</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Q: What do they need to bring?</strong></p><p>Students are advised to bring a water bottle and writing materials. Should they have any personal medication (e.g. inhaler), please advise them to bring that along too.</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Q: What is the programme for the day?</strong></p><p>You may refer to the tab ‘For Students’ for more details on our orientation programme and important information for the first day of the orientation.</p><p>On the first day, the students will be attending various talks, which are mostly targeted to help them make a decision about the subject combination that they would like to choose. They will also have the opportunity to get to know the college better and to get to know their friends better through games.</p><p>Your child will find out more about the programme for the rest of the orientation when he/she reports to college.&nbsp;</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Q: When is the last day of Orientation?</strong></p><p>Orientation will formally end on Thu 8 Feb. There will be Chinese New Year celebrations on Fri 9 Feb and formal lessons will start from Mon 10 Feb.</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Q: Is Orientation compulsory?</strong></p><p>Yes, it is part of our school programme for all JC1s.</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Q: When do the students need to purchase notes?&nbsp;</strong></p><p>The students would not need to purchase notes until lessons have formally started on Wed 14 Feb. More instructions will be given to the students in due course.</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Q: When do the students need to purchase their uniforms? How much are the uniforms?</strong></p><p>The students will receive more information about the purchase of uniforms and the price list on the first day of orientation. Students will be allocated specific slots to make the purchase between Mon 5 Feb to Wed 7 Feb.&nbsp;</p><p>Payment modes accepted are: Cash and PayNow. If paying by cash, please be advised to bring exact change to facilitate payment.</p><p></p><p></p><p><strong>Q: When do the H1 or H2 Math students need to purchase the Graphing Calculator (GC)?</strong></p><p>H1 or H2 Math students can purchase the GC in College on Mon 19 Feb or Thu 22 Feb. Students can refer to the interim timetable that will be released at a later date. H1 or H2 Math students are strongly encouraged to purchase the GC on Mon 19 Feb as the first topic requires the use of a GC.</p><p>Payment modes accepted are:</p><ul><li><p>Cash (bring exact change to facilitate payment and reduce queuing time)</p></li><li><p>PayNow</p></li><li><p>Cheque (made payable to “Learning Interactive Pte Ltd” and indicate student’s name, CG, and contact number on the reverse side of the cheque)</p></li></ul><p>Students may refer to the Orientation e-booklet for more information regarding the price and support for students on FAS.</p>