---
title: Badminton
permalink: /culture/cca/sports-and-games/badminton/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sports & Games
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Badminton</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zDik9Ot8HJM"></iframe></div><p>At Yishun Innova Junior College, the Badminton CCA places a significant emphasis on cultivating not just physical prowess but also mental fortitude, ensuring that members are adequately prepared to confront and overcome challenges in and out of the court. This dynamic CCA not only hones individual skills but also fosters a sense of camaraderie among players, weaving a tight-knit community that thrives on mutual support and encouragement.</p><p>Through a combination of rigorous training sessions and team-building activities, the Badminton CCA at Yishun Innova Junior College serves as a platform for fostering personal growth, resilience, and the development of enduring friendships, creating an enriching and holistic experience for its members.<br><br>We train twice a week on Wednesdays and Fridays and step up the intensity during competition period. Training is in the college and occasionally in external venues such as Yishun or Yio Chu Kang Sports Hall. Each session usually includes fitness training, skill-based drills, friendly matches between players and much sagely advice from our coach on how to improve our game and our fitness. We are looking for players who are physically and mentally prepared to train hard and do their best in every game. Whether you have prior experience or not, it does not matter. In Badminton, we believe that if there’s a will, there’s a way. <br><br>Our annual CCA highlights include friendly matches with other JCs, CCA Values-in-Action projects, our college CCA Exchange Programme, and Open House, and most importantly, our participation in the National School Games A Division Badminton Championships. The A Division National Championships gives us a chance to test our skills after countless strenuous and vigorous training sessions and helps the team bond as one family. So what are you waiting for? Come and join our CCA today!</p>