---
title: Basketball
permalink: /culture/cca/sports-and-games/basketball/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sports & Games
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Basketball</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WN1pEFn-LuU"></iframe></div><p>Basketball is a team sport where physical attributes and mental discipline are both essential. Basketball requires speed, stamina, strength, good hand-eye coordination, agility, and accuracy. Teamwork, tactics and strategies are also important. Through various training sessions and games, values such as teamwork, sportsmanship, integrity and respect are instilled in us. Regardless of the outcome or results, we maintain the utmost respect for our teachers, coaches, teammates, referees and opponents.<br><br>Our training sessions are held twice a week on Wednesday and Friday. We usually begin with warm-up exercises, before proceeding to practise various drills and tactics with the coach's guidance to develop the physical and mental aspects of our game. Our coach and teachers are always there to look after us and give timely feedback and suggestions to improve our game.<br><br>Our basketballers compete in the annual National School Games ‘A’ Division Championships, where we pit our skills against other junior colleges. Besides that, members also have the opportunity to take part or help plan and execute a variety of student-led college events like the CCA Values-in-Action programme. Our Basketball players forge strong bonds, and spur each other to continuously improve. Come and join us!</p>