---
title: Modular Sports
permalink: /culture/cca/sports-and-games/modular-sports/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sports & Games
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Modular Sports</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/OetTxb3Au1k"></iframe></div><p>Passionate about sports? Eager to explore new athletic pursuits? Look no further than Modular Sports – the ultimate CCA tailored just for YOU! We are dedicated to keeping our members active and engaged through the exhilaration of participating in a diverse range of sports.<br><br>Discover the thrill of playing various sports with us, which include exciting additions to our lineup like Lawn Bowl and Pickleball, alongside classics such as Softball, Basketball, Frisbee, Volleyball, and Tchoukball.<br><br>Our engaging CCA sessions take place twice a week, spanning 2.5 hours each. Dive firsthand into the world of sports, practicing with your teammates to master a specific sport during each session or season. Following approximately 5-7 sessions (a season), members will then get the chance to showcase their skills by comepting in a mini-tournament. These sessions are meticulously planned and led by the dedicated CCA Exco.<br><br>But that's not all – beyond the sports arena, we provide opportunities for personal development. Enhance your leadership and communication skills through student-led events like the annual CCA showcase, exchanges with other CCA groups, and participation in Values-In-Action (VIA) programs. We actively encourage student-led initiatives aligned with the CCA's Vision and Mission.<br><br>In an exciting development, we have partnered with National Sports Associations, such as Bowls Singapore, to bring you a Learn-to-Play Programme for Lawn Bowls, a recognized Commonwealth sport. Selected members may even have the chance to train under the National Development Squad (Juniors/under 25) and represent Singapore in this prestigious sport.<br><br>Sports are more than just a physical activity; they shape character and foster strategic thinking, leadership skills, goal-setting, and risk-taking. We invite you to explore the world of Modular Sports, where passion meets purpose!</p>