---
title: Table Tennis
permalink: /culture/cca/sports-and-games/table-tennis/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sports & Games
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Table Tennis</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1XHdwdzm0GQ"></iframe></div><p>**<strong>Please kindly note that there will be no JC1 intake for Table Tennis in 2024.</strong></p><p>Table tennis, also known as ping pong, is a fast-paced indoor sport where players use paddles to hit a lightweight ball across a rectangular table divided by a net. As simple as it may look, it is actually a sophisticated sport that requires both techniques and game strategies. In YIJC Table Tennis, we play with passion and train with dedication. Together as a team, our CCA journey strengthens our perseverance and sportsmanship, developing us into better athletes. <br><br>Our weekly trainings take place every Wednesday and Friday, from 4.30pm to 6.30pm. Through the hands-on practice during training and the guidance of our knowledgeable and patient coach, members in the CCA progressively pick up and perfect their skills and techniques in table tennis. <br><br>YIJC Table Tennis also participates in the annual National Inter-School Table Tennis A Division Championships, where our members are selected to represent the school and pit their skills against table tennis players from other junior colleges. Besides, members have the opportunity to take part in a variety of student-led college events like the CCA Values-in-Action programme, the annual YIJC Open House, and various CCA bonding events like welcome party and farewell party.</p>