---
title: Tennis
permalink: /culture/cca/sports-and-games/tennis/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sports & Games
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Tennis</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/559IkTtFBvc"></iframe></div><p>Tennis is a well-recognised Olympic sport, played by people of all ages and backgrounds. It is known for having millions of recreational players, and being popular worldwide spectator sport. At YI Tennis, we cultivate determined players with quick-thinking minds, ready to put their best foot forward in the face of any challenge. <br><br>Tennis is a sport where holding the racket is just the beginning, so regardless of your prior experience, come join our family! We constantly strive for excellence, aiming for the best in the yearly A-division competition. Our training is twice a week, and the intensity may increase during our competition period. At YI Tennis, we will guide you to learn the rules of the game, giving you a chance to step outside your comfort zone and stretch your potential to become a better player. You will also be trained on how to umpire a match. Other experiences you can look forward to includes serving our community through member-led initiatives, competing and cheering your teammates on in the annual National School Games!<br><br>If you choose tennis, we guarantee months of fun and friendships, while you train to be a competitive player in this enjoyable sport. You can choose to compete or simply play for the love of the game.</p>