---
title: Tenpin Bowling
permalink: /culture/cca/sports-and-games/tenpin-bowling/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sports & Games
variant: tiptap
---
<h3><strong>Tenpin Bowling</strong></h3><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="450" width="800" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/jgJC3V7Oi20"></iframe></div><p><strong>Please kindly note that there will be no JC1 intake for Tenpin Bowling in 2024.</strong></p><p>Tenpin Bowling is both a competitive and recreational sports CCA that develops a growth mindset and builds stronger mental resilience in every member. Imagine the concentration demanded of a bowler to knock down sets of ten pins down a 60 feet long lane over a game of 10 frames. It is a formidable skill that if mastered, can greatly develop one's mental resilience. Apart from that, Tenpin Bowling trains your dexterity as well as there are many throw techniques to hone in the game. Whether you are simply looking to pick up a new hobby that is physically less demanding or looking to strengthen your mental resilience through sports, Tenpin Bowling is a sport which anyone can indulge in and enjoy.</p><p>Our weekly trainings take place every Wednesday from 5pm to 7pm and Friday from 5pm to 6.30pm. They are held in a relaxed air-conditioned environment, together with friendly and easy-going seniors and CCA mates that you can forge meaningful friendships with through sports. With a dedicated, knowledgeable and patient coach, bowlers in the CCA are taught the skills and techniques of bowling that will make them skillful bowlers.</p><p>The YIJC Tenpin Bowling team also participates in the annual National Inter-School Tenpin Bowling A Division Championships, giving all bowlers the opportunity to represent the school and pit their skills against other junior college bowlers. Members also have the opportunity to take part in a variety of student-led college events like the CCA Values-in-Action programme, where students can contribute back to the community, and the annual YIJC Open House. So come join bowling, one of the most enjoyable sports in YIJC!</p>